0. I want to continue the "Neko" quest line and complete the shrine.(maybe in daily quest but with seeable differences)
1. Borderless window mode
2. Electro: resoanance needs a buff like reduces deffense (10-15%)
3. Need to be able to use more than 3 geo construct (6 at least?)
4. Spiral abyss: saveable teams/remember last team used
5. Shield health indicator (possibly with number)
6. more resin "cap"...
7. (off)Switchable constellations
8. Itto should have a more Buff character model ingame
9. Subtitles for in game voiceslines too (like in battle voice lines) So we can use a language we enjoy more not the one whe know best
10. Different debuff/buff animations (for death mach specifically)
11. easier 9-12 abyss (no primo reward later stages like 13-16)
12. Kokomi should be at least be able to walk on water much longer
13. Geo construct placement should be possible when there is already a geo contruct down (place it nearest available spot)
14. buuf indicators (different) with time remaining over hp indicator (2.2 electro charge indicator would work fine)
15. shields should be stackable(so they would take dmg one after the other(geo crystalise))
17. Raiden Shogun and Beidou interaction during burst need to be
19. In quest where we can test out characters they should have a reasonable set on them for their scalings 
21. should buff unuseable characters a little (thoma,amber,lisa,xinyan,barbara,...)
22. favourite foods(so it is easier to find them when cooking or when ressin in a haste)
24. testing dumies (like the 2.2 undieing ruingrater) in the teapot
25. auto aim turn off (or a little tweak on it)
26. character change with auto elemental skill (not burst) (also when changing with alt some times the burst won't trigger)
27. equipment loadouts(so we can change sets faster)
28. auto loot? (in pc too not just mobile)
30. geo structures can be overgrown with deidro (i know its a long time off ... but would be cool to have)
31. zhonglee need other idle voice lines (as mantis wine tastes the same ...)
32. c6 beido need fix (not just enemies direcly next to u)
33. xinyan shield fix (a lot of time even if u hit enough ppl it spawns on a lower lvl)
34. xinyan rework? (maybe hp scaling instead of def)
35. "Voltage Charge" quest is buggi as hell on low end "consols and pcs" (when starting this inozuma quest most of the time I can't jump to the electro "waypoint" just after waiting in place for 10-20 seconds... and when it gets ready to use i lose my electro charged bonus)  
36. we need more engaging coop (still looking for ideas)
37. inozuma first quest line (signoras death and so...) was too rushed
38. need to be more new player friendly (like leveling new characters with out unlocking the region and so)
39. lip sincing is geting worse (english)
40. the event quest "Eight Locales Over Mountains And Seas" could have been great (not this awfull) if only the traveler said some interesting facts about the sites we went to in short senteces (NOT paimon)
41. yae-s elemental skill needs Iframes, and better energy regen (every turet needs to be able to make particles not just the first) , also more atack range
42. Dont constellation lock 5*s
43. multiple characters come out half baked (like yae miko, xinyan, yoimia)

(missing numbers are solved already)

good job on:
1. the new set search features
2. good job on the new artifact set (nice indicators and all together hot fix for healers)
3. the snowmans are awsome
4. the albedo anime fight was cool
5. we can see the enemies in the abyss team build srceen *.* (ty)
6. the music is always on top
7. most of the voiced story lines are well writen
8. good enviromental design escpecialy on the new maps
9. nice job on portraying death with the old mans gost in raidens second questline 
10. shoguns second quest maybe is the best so far